docs: Improvements to outreach program guidelines. (#39232)
zulip/zulip: docs/outreach/experience.md

### How to post your check-ins

A check-in is a regular update that you post in the Zulip development community.
You can find many such examples in the

> [#checkins](https://chat.zulip.org/#narrow/channel/65-checkins) channel.

Reviewer: I dunno, I think maybe this is an update to make for next year? Since people last-year checkins are in #GSoC, unless we intend to move them, which wouldn't feel right to me.

Author: For the example part, I kept only #checkins since that should be enough of an example. For the other change, I added a note:

```
If you're already running your checkins in another channel,
  please keep doing that without moving them to
  [#checkins](https://chat.zulip.org/#narrow/channel/65-checkins) channel.
```

so that we have one source of checkins for the next year.

How does that sound?

Reviewer: Oh, sorry, I just meant that we shouldn't move messages on people's behalf. I don't think it needs this. You should have everyone start using #checkins if that's what you're going for.

Author: Yeah, that was the intention, I think reverting to the original should be good then or was the wording there  causing some confusion?

Author: Reverted to the original text.

Author: Added back the GSoC link after discussion on CZO

### How to post your check-ins

A check-in is a regular update that you post in the Zulip development community.
You can find many such examples in the
[#checkins](https://chat.zulip.org/#narrow/channel/65-checkins) channel.

- **Frequency**: _Regular check-ins are a required for all program
  participants._ If you are working 20+ hours per week, post a check-in at least
  twice a week, e.g., Tuesday and Friday. If you are working less than 20 hours
  per week, post a check-in at least once a week.

  Swatches of low productivity are very common, so post your check-ins no matter
  how much progress you've made. Regular communication can make your mentor's job
  of keeping up with your progress easy. In certain cases, mentors will also be

>   able to help you out if you are facing any difficulties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  how much progress you've made. Regular communication helps your mentor keep up with your progress. Mentors can also help you out if you are facing any difficulties.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to express roughly the same ideas with fewer words (not essential).

Author: Applied!

  - What you **intend to focus** on until your next check-in. Indicate if you are
    unsure and would appreciate some suggestions or feedback on your plan.

- **What not to do** in check-ins:

>   - If you have not made much progress since the last check-in, please still post

Reviewer: I'd frame this positively as what to do -- post no matter how much progress you've made.

I think it goes with the Frequency bullet?

Author: Added as a new paragraph:

```
  Swatches of low productivity are very common, so post your check-ins no matter
  how much progress you've made. Regular communication can make your mentor's job
  of keeping up with your progress easy. In certain cases, mentors will also be
  able to help you out if you are facing any difficulties.
  ```
